[Music]
none of it means anything
the convoy is a low-budget film to begin
with it was just like another job except
you look weird I got dressed in the
costume they put bits on essentially
there wasn't a lot of certainty used of
what it would be
I had them both go for lunch with Alec
Guinness we used to go to so practice to
fight together like kids playing the
back garden I was like holy look at
this what door not how many actors can
say they've got their own action figure
I said hug George how do you want me to
play this did well play it like they do
in the movies
Syd the afternoon off up to triage
studios and knock on the door saying
within another week I got a call to be
in Star Wars it was just a nightmare I
mean it just turned into a rush not
everything's gonna stay the film and I
was quite an ingredient hurt myself it's
like terrible depression you know the
only thing you really got me out this
house really going do mr. venture loser
pay 300 pounds or doing why so silent
crowd I see you for real
there's quite a lot of politicking to do
money again just trying to jealous that
you are taking a piece of their action
my face was in the movie you know
Jeremy's gonna bug you lose it what's
that about
well that's purely because it's Boba
Fett I can't say anymore it's not my
fault fans all over the world are
generally just brilliant come on
some of them are read off the wall there
little bit mr. Bullen that you you made
a slight look at CBS I was waiting for
lunch
you become friends but I just treat
everybody the same I really didn't have
that driving ambition to succeed maybe
that's where I've been going wrong so
horse is my main source of income
it's better than sitting on your ass and
waiting for all the heats to overtake
you you don't want to be classified just
as an X x-ray pilot it's a piece of us
source a piece of you know what our what
somebody's life is and I was in with the
helmet on and walking around and then
finally stopped him with George Lucas he
said welcome aboard
it's not a big role but I think you'll
have some fun
you kind of just go you know move on
it's a centrist it move along
you